Hello Hello Friends Welcome to Day
Construction My Wandering Sage Left Side
So Friends Today We Will Learn
How To Do This Lapping With Madhavan Fitting So
Friends Which Activities Should Be Done In Each Country
And We Will Stitch In Detail Add
Complete Procedure With Videos
I Will Explain To You This Is Not Just Madhavan
Chatting Friends If You Do This Other
Work With Conventional Certain Diagram Work
Then You Will Understand The Activity
Which Should Be Done After Key So
Our Main Power And Material Will Be From
Ours So Come On Friends Do A Video Chat
Day One Friends In Day One First Of All We Would Draw A
Red Line And Complete It On The
Red Line From The Severe Points We Would
Plot The Axis And Viruses On The Great Line S As You
Can See In The Video We
Reduce The Line Distance In Axis And Viruses And From This We
Take Measurements From Our Note Structural Drawing On S
And After Taking These Measurements  To
place my wonderful vertically,
we need a support, we call it that,
so friends, after completing this work,
we have to
place it in the desired place, so our
conductivity comes from it, that soft smooth and in this
we use a strip of general dam of
our length and we
support it 5mm, our 200 white right side is
5mm and we do it so that our
channel which
stands up, there is 5mm thickness of panel,
so it gets fixed there,
you can see
how this happens in my other videos and I have explained it in detail, so
as friends,
you can see, this is being reduced,
first we make a frill entry, after that
we cut it from it,
and friends, after this time is completed, all
our voids of
Chironji structural in every bowl, we
consider it to be about one meter
in length, so and so  But quantum has to be
provided in such a way that
our wall panel can stand comfortably.
Enter my third activity starts
friends, after the completion of the steel
reinforcement work of column and not
structural, whatever our columns and not
structural are, we do its reinforcement,
on the face we type the structural drawing of
200, our entire color is of full force,
after directing we
provide covering in the entire steel,
quality checking on the dance, we
complete the reinforcement and complete the
third activity,
after the completion of the complete reinforcement we do the extreme step,
friends start our activities on
panel commissioning, we do that and
we do it on the second and third day,
this takes more time for us, that is why we completed the
second and third activity, we completed this today,
so friends you saw that our
reinforcement work is complete, agriculture is complete,
now the wall panel has been handed over.
Whatever our non structural fair
awards problem is, whatever vertical balls
are there, we should erect the wall panels of that and
friends, as you can see
in the video, the wall panel erection is happening, this is
our center, friends, we
click on and place it, these wall panels are
in the wall panel, on that we place the wall panels,
we do that by doing this we complete the
wall paneling and
after this thing is completed, all
our stitching is done
only till the bottom, we complete the wall
paneling and after this wall
paneling work is completed,
we start the bottom,
we have many bottoms and the
plate which can be in the steel plate stop is
called general tablets, as you can
see that the plate, first of all you should
remember friends, we
apply valve channel subscribe oil and after applying it,
our second
and third first activity should be completed in our channel,
that is wall paneling work and
with wall paneling  Our
panel work should be completed, after completing it
click on the subscribe button on the designated side and
subscribe to my channel, channel subscribe
slap soft that whatever plate is in the city,
we place it on the address, drawing
spot dimension and complete our
slide, we complete it by shooting,
this should be completed in two days,
we should have enough labels provided,
we should also have enough material
which is second and third, in this our
complete process should be fixed to complete it, whatever
decoration we can have in the settings, whatever
part of extra elevation is there, all of that should go in the chutney,
whatever cut out we have to place
on the drawing and Bluetooth settings
reinforcement work, to transfer box,
click on that, whatever is
our transfer box in the settings, as you can see, this is
our transfer box, this is a cut out,
as you can see that the tit has been fixed,
dimensions on it and this is
just transfer boxing, this is the feature,
after the complete setting work is completed we start  So,
our first day comes when
we do Shilpkar reinforcement, so
before starting Shilpkar reinforcement, our beam reinforcement work should be
complete, so first of all we
start with steel reinforcement, as
you can see by subscribing to Reddy's ring,
we complete the entire slab,
plus we do the
side effect
that our cantilever beam is or ideal
beam, we do the drawing on gas,
according to the drawing we provide reinforcement
and covering, for
bell depend face drawing we provide steel,
so friends our next step comes in
seventh activity slab reinforcement,
now our wife reinforcement work is complete,
so our
reinforcement work is done on stitching and
in leg reinforcement, on face drawing, our
bottom box, top bar, extra pass, whatever
type we have, we
type it properly, facing east
direction and
after getting the work completed,
we type  We are calling work of
slap because friends, in our slap, the
most important work in our quantity is
laptop and insurance cover, you provide proper
covering in this lab and
in Kollam junction, we maintain distance in laptop top bottom,
after the complete reinforcement work is done, we
complete the 3D work, then
after the reinforcement is complete, our activity
labeling and relabeling is very important, at the
time of labeling, our leg should be
properly level,
because of that we slap it in the label through theodolite and
auto level which is available on the
side,
we check the proper level, withdraw and
with the help of engineer and supervisor, after our process is done,
after the complete reinforcement work, subscribe to us, electrical
work subscribe because for our channel
electrical plumbing,
subscribe to our channel, for this we properly
take the
sixth day of our channel Dennis Lilly  The
activity is that agreed line time, the
wall panels that we erect,
friends, should be properly placed on our dimensions, they should be
in the same place, the
typing that we did in green line, should
also be relied upon from the same point in the accent
direction, we check whether our
joint with the wall panel is proper or not, we should check the
quality of the wall panels,
after it is completed
we do proper supporting work
because the
pressure of one and a half inch of wall panels made of aluminium is very high, so to
support these wall panels we
provide balance, for the jeweler's end
dimensions we use different
parts, for that we
use tempered glass, so that our side does
not get blown away, it should remain in proper list, that is why
we provide cold sides, so
friends all these things should be properly placed
on the side, after it is completed,
seven is more, our
creating time, so we one day before
creating the wall  Let's complete all the arrangements for this
and the trophy is complete checking of
RCC architect quality MB, after all checking is done
what we do is
quantity work final 12th activity on
this issue we contact who
printing of flags friends quantity is
most important we should
vibrate properly our needles should be proper
our quantity should have proper
vibration so we have to take care of all those things
our slap level and
label should also be taken care of properly so
friends you must have understood
which activities to follow starting from first grade to Szechwan so our
laptop will come in seven days so thank you so
much friend for watching this week